# [Akipheus](https://aryn-pathak.github.io/akipheus/) | Open source akinator-style game with Wikidata's knowledge base
### NOTE: Akipheus is only as good as wikidata's entries, which is open to anyone for editing. there may be inaccurate/highly specific (less commonly known) information which can break the game. If not working, check out [this](https://youtu.be/HIcR5R7A1MA) video with some demos!
### How it works:
- the database of people includes ~13k people and their descriptions, occupations, sex, citizenships, political party/employer (and a "special" field, which tells if a person is from a political party, employed by a corporation, or neither), and an AI generated field of work (since wikidata is inconsistent with it) generated by an on device model.
- a function called getAll() takes obj (an object with keys of all properties, and values of arrays which contain things that have been answered) If a person has citizenship India, and not USA (asked and answered no) obj will have "citizenship":["India", "NOT United States"] and the NOT suffix excludes people with that value.
- getAll() generates an SQL query using input from obj and runs it, returningan array of objects (people).
- a function getPopular() takes a property as an input, and retuens the most popular value (calculated using bayesian average) for the property.
- a function getQuestion() decides what property a question should be about. it calculates the average of how many people are left if getPopular()'s value is answered yes to, and no to.
- when the getQuestion() has an average of >=5, it asks questions using the person's description. it looks for keywords inside the person's description (titles like Prime Minister, President, CEO, etc) and asks questions based on that. this helps separate politicians like Narendra Modi (PM) from politicians like local MLAs. Both have occupation "politician", but the title in the description separates them.

### submitted to Hack Club's flavourtown! project page + devlog [here](https://flavortown.hackclub.com/projects/16783)
